Overall Team Reflection:  
Working in this team was a delight. Before this project, I did not have any experience with finance or anything in the area, and this team allowed me to explore this field a bit more. The team had a clear goal and a very results-driven approach. From the beginning, we laid out our ideas and what we would like to achieve and were collaborative from the get-go.

Javier Cervantes 
This was my first time working with Javier and it was great getting to know him and his goals. Well done on your project (especially taking into account this was a joint DE and NLP project).
-	Positive Attributes:
o	Javier is a great leader and provides the group with a clear, elevating goal to start working on. 
o	He has prior work and leadership experience, which was great because there was someone to rely on for advice and guidance throughout the course of the project. 
o	Lastly, he has a great work ethic and can work on large, difficult tasks extremely well. He could set out his tasks at the beginning of the project and was able to follow through with them on a set timeline which helped bring the whole project together really well. 
-	Areas for Improvement: 
o	It would be good for Javier to split up his work a bit more. I think he may have taken on too much work and that could potentially lead to burnout which is always something that one should avoid. 
o	It may help if he lays out his objectives and timeline as well. This feeds into the above point, as this could help in delegation and a more structured group approach to the tasks at hand. 
o	Lastly, Javier needs to take breaks and not worry too much about work! Spend time with your family and let the kids do some extra work  

Tianji Rao 
This was my first time working with Tianji as well, and it was a delight. He is a very calm force, something that was definitely required in a high-stress environment. Thank you and well done! 
-	Positive Attributes:
o	Tianji was a great collaborator and helped in finishing up certain tasks that I started and/or needed help with. 
o	We made a good tag-team and had a results-driven pairing with respect to the UI side of the project. 
o	He had great communication throughout the course of the project and was able to clearly convey his concerns, progress, and/or important developments and information.
-	Areas for Improvement:
o	Tianji could work on being pro-active in the group.
o	His one-on-one communication was top notch; however, he could work on having more open and frequent communication in group settings. 
o	He worked extremely well in the group as a member, so I think the next step for him would be exploring and developing his leadership skills.

Jeremy Tan 
Having worked with Jeremy before, I was happy to have him on my team. Great job on this project!
-	Positive Attributes:
o	He is extremely skilled and has a lot of computer science knowledge, which I found helpful as someone from a non-CS background. 
o	He has a great work ethic, and gets work done. He has a high standard of excellence and makes sure that all his work done is to a level that doesn’t need to be looked over again. 
o	Lastly, he is a 
-	Areas for Improvement:
o	Jeremy often works in isolation, which makes it difficult to track progress. 
o	In relation to the first point, communication with Jeremy is sporadic. It would be good if he could take some time to inform the team on what tasks he has set out for himself throughout the day/week. 
o	Lastly, he could really benefit from delegating work to his team members. He often takes on too much work and it could lead to burnout. Setting out tasks and assigning them to others or asking for help would help get things moving faster and avoid burnout. 

Adler Viton 
This was my first time working with Adler and it was nice getting to know his approach to team projects. Well done (again, taking into account that he had to work overtime since this was a joint DE-NLP project for him)!
-	Positive Attributes:
o	He was proactive and was sure to come forth with ideas and/or suggestions for how he could contribute to the project. 
o	He gave good advice for how to make the website more aesthetic and readable. 
o	Adler was willing to put in extra hours for the project to ensure he was on track for his NLP side of the project as well as making sure it integrated well into the DE project.
-	Areas for Improvement:
o	Adler often gets anxious when he is getting instructions from multiple people. He could work on trying to streamline his tasks and reduce his work-related stress. 
o	He would work on communicating with a larger group to ensure that everyone is on the same page regarding certain tasks. There were times where he was confused about how to divvy up the work which could have been resolved with a couple of meetings or conversations. 
o	Lastly, he could work on not fixating on small things (e.g., the background image of the website). This is something I struggle with as well, and I know how difficult it is to fight, but definitely something that would make us more efficient workers if we could get over this issue. 
